# New Relic site monitoring

## Overview
New Relic offers several cool options to monitor complex software products built with Java/Ruby/PHP.
It can be difficult for developers, administrators, and operators to find isolate problems such as performance
to a specific component. The root cause can originate from any or all of the following system elements:
devices, browsers, app code, 3rd parties, micro services, customer info, business metrics.
The New Relic SaaS Platform collects website data wherever it lives.
All New Relic products and capabilities are fully integrated, providing real-time
insight into every aspect of a software system, allowing teams to take action—instantly and intelligently.

New Relic insights provides advanced performance analysis for a detailed perspective on all the data generated by the software stack.
Application data is enriched with information about customers, products, and business for an entirely
new view on the impact of the software on the bottom line.
- determine how the application's performance impacts the customer segments and dive deeper into sets of transactions causing poor customer experience
- optimize web application's performance and customer experience by analyzing the browsers, geographies,devices and experiences of the customers
- determine the impact of a poor performing host, slow database issues and application downtime to do proactive updates thus by responding to the exact individuals that are having poor customer experience
- leverage the application data to make decisions on customer usage, feature adoption and prioritization for development teams
- track the exact pages, transactions and features that your accounts and users are using to troubleshoot, identify/solve bugs and support tickets

## Get started

Start using New Relic with the sample application by following these steps:
- [Sign into New Relic] (https://login.newrelic.com/login) or [create a New Relic account] (https://newrelic.com/signup)
- Copy your New Relic license key from the account settings page
- Edit the "Setup Prod" pipeline stage in the IBM DevOps Services Build and Deploy page for your project. Open the "Environment Variables" tab, and provide the key as the value of NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY
- Rerun the "Setup Prod" stage in the IBM DevOps Services Build and Deploy page for your project by preessing play.  This will trigger a production deploy as well.
- Refresh the New Relic dashboard to see the application metrics
